as Jaime Jaime tells us the third chapter will present differences
obvious as the passage of time and others not as obvious as evolution
boxística of both and the 144 pounds delimit the weight for the 12 of
November unlike the 125 and I feel 30 of the first
confrontations
after a trip from the other side of the world in the philippines where mary
Pacquiao and Juan Manuel Marquez
they promoted their third fight the great rivals saw very face
both are ready to close this trilogy that has caused controversy
about actually who won the first two bouts
from my point of view not in vade my point of view but from the hobby
he also recommended even the Filipinos are
they approached and tells me that I had already won
but well the first fight as well as tables asking I saw her the
first fight winning but closed
and the second one winning
thomas kraft
I believe that the first triumphs will be of the second one was already a triumph
for 2 3 points
I wanted to learn faes
does not cover
to this gene
uu where nine infants in condition
on this disk
your parents nor
alfonso oe
they are military
is
from 11 million
to
check for
of the sofoles
instead they lent
the company bought with his doctor and jonah hex oregon fans
task is false
also form
this time things will be different so that both pacquiao and martes
they have changed as boxers
the fight will be in a dye of 144 pounds compared light weight to his where he
The first two events took place
what happens I think it's work
also at the time of the fight is working with
very hard with a lot of intelligence with a lot of speed
and be moving side steps and plan type boots clear bouquets
and now I still have in mind to go
that in some way not to leave them alone because you have to look for the knockout
you have to do it with intelligence and that according to the moment when I think
possibility of a brabham joining I must put pacquiao wrong
look for the knockout with intelligence
pay attention to athletes walls 3
montull
tipnis
the distance to batista estate in
yesterday they love
they have defended
calderón aon
to clothes washed in front do not exist
they stole it
bush understand me
in the favor program
infobae the city will be measured against
Marquez and Pacquiao are aware that this fight could define their legacy
however Pacquiao told me that he is already thinking about a possible fight another
equal source of chile next year
and that in 2013 the Philippines will be launched for governor of his province
and then you will not have more time to box
in new york to not vote and aspire
the bonifacio fight with the tuesday will be put the center count fotolibros of
Weights of the facts appeared to him at the end of February and more than 140 pounds
the previous five in which the Mexicans only relinquished one more time is
more intense between books photos strokes of the same decided to fix prices